feat: create SECURITY.md (#69)
berty/community: SECURITY.md

# Reporting security issues

The Berty project and its implementations are still in heavy development.
This means that there may be problems or mistakes.
We take security vulnerabilities very seriously.
If you discover a security issue, please bring it to our attention right away!

## Reporting a vulnerability

> Please **DO NOT** file a public issue, instead send your report privately to security@berty.tech.

Author: ```suggestion
Please **DO NOT** file a public issue, instead, send us your report privately to security@berty.tech.
```

Security reports are greatly appreciated and will publicly thank you for it, although we keep your name confidential if you request it.

> If the issue is a weakness that cannot be immediately exploited or something not yet deployed, just discuss it openly.

Author: ```suggestion
If the issue is a weakness that cannot be immediately exploited or something that hasn't been released yet, feel free to talk about it publicly, if possible in a GitHub issue.
```
